---
title: Welcome Back!!!!!!!!
author: Kai Gittens
layout: post
permalink: /welcome-back/
meta-excerpt: kaidez.com is no longer a blog that focuses on soccer/footie...it now focuses on web development.
categories: personal
cat-name: "Personal"
tags: [kai]
---

After an insanely long hiatus, I am back to blogging…and quite reinvigorated about it! Coming back took a lot of soul searching on my part, requiring me to determine exactly what I wanted to accomplish here, but I’ve created a clear path for myself and am excited about what I’m about to do within this space.

As you may know, this used to be a soccer blog…I prefer you call it “football” or “footie” instead of soccer. Blog content was generated by my watching games every weekend and then making (what I thought were) unique observations about the matches. Content also came from any general observations I had about football overall. Things were going swimmingly.

But a little over 18 months ago, my wife and I began the long, arduous process of adopting a child from Ethiopia, limiting my football watching time. My son is now home: a beautiful little boy named Niko that happily demands all of our attention, limiting my football watching time even more.

In order to keep ample content flowing to my footie blog, I would need to watch, at the very least, all the matches played by the 10 best teams, adding up to about 20 hours of TV watching *every* weekend. This would take away quality time with my son and that’s simply not an option, so the football blog ended. I now DVR many games, allowing me to watch and share the footie experience with my son when time allows for it. And that’s enough for me right now.

I still wanted to blog though. Because of the way I did it, actively blogging allowed me to learn something new, document it, then go back to review it at a later date for perspective. I did that “soul searching” thing I mentioned at the beginning of this post and realized that I work in a field, web development, that demands that I learn something new everyday. After mulling things over for a few a more days, I decided that I would I would channel what’s demanded of me into a new blog.

And and terms of where I’m channeling things, my timing could not be better! As of this writing, boatloads of new technologies are challenging how content will be delivered within the online space. With HTML5, CSS3, the various JavaScript-based libraries and a renewed excitement over Objective-C (the primary programming language for creating iPhone applications), how and when we see information is being redefined on an almost-hourly basis. While this is great if you’re a general end-user of these technologies, it’s over-the-top FASCINATING if you see and know how these technologies work behind the scenes. 

In other words, **there’s never been a more exhilarating *and* opportune time to be a web designer or developer then the time right now!**

To properly capitalize on this excitement, I made a list of goals that I’d like to achieve over the long run:

**WHAT I WANT/NEED TO LEARN/IMPROVE UPON FOR MY DAY JOB**

*   Microsoft SharePoint
*   .NET C#
*   Microsoft Silverlight
*   ActionScript 3 for Adobe Flash

**WHAT I WANT/NEED TO LEARN/IMPROVE UPON FOR MY OWN PERSONAL GROWTH**

*   WordPress
*   PHP

*Note: the list above is less “learn” and more “improve upon”*

**WHAT I WANT/NEED TO LEARN/IMPROVE UPON FOR BOTH MY DAY JOB *AND* MY OWN PERSONAL GROWTH**

*   HTML5
*   CSS3
*   AJAX
*   JavaScript and the various JavaScript libraries (jQuery, MooTools, script.aculo.us, etc.)

The list is flexible and may change as time progresses. 

Not everyone wants to read about code so I will be trying to appeal to web programming laymen and laywomen. I’ll be doing some non-code article writing, simple how-to’s for web beginners and maybe product reviews. This is list is also flexible and may change over time.

But the main thing that I’ll be focusing on is learning HTML5 and CSS3 development and I hope to make this the centerpiece of my blog. While this may also change over time, I’ll be working very hard to see that this goal is achieved. For a little more detail on this, please give my [HTML5 Project][1] page a read.

 [1]: http://kaidez.com/html5-project/

I hope you come back frequently to kaidez.com, but I provide a variety of simple ways to follow the blog’s content if you wish:

*   [Feedburner][2]
*   [Facebook][3]
*   [Twitter][4]

 [2]: http://feeds.feedburner.com/kaidezblog
 [3]: http://www.facebook.com/kaidez
 [4]: http://twitter.com/kaidez

The list above is big. Do you think I’m taking on too much? Or too little? Is there anything else that I should be focusing on? Lemme know!!!!!!!